[Music]
welcome to the breakdown when we break
down all the messed up stuff this little
movie we have today I've been sitting on
it for a while because I'm very
sensitive when it comes to little ass
kids now this short film isn't too bad
but it deals with a topic that's even
relevant today now when I was in high
school some paramedics came in once to
share stories and pictures of [ __ ] up
car accidents they came upon if you seen
videos by corpse husband narrating EMT
police officers stuff it's kind of like
that except with me and my peers
we saw actual gore [ __ ] after that I was
driving with ultimate safety
I bet back in 1964 some kids built like
how I did when they saw this public
service announcement which dramatizes
two young girls who mistakenly followed
behind a seemingly nice man only to meet
their end the reason why it can be a bit
scarring is because it actually shows
crime-scene photos and footage of
real-life girls who were murdered I'm
not gonna show that to y'all I'll just
blurt but this little movie is something
I've been wanting to talk to y'all about
keep in mind everything is dramatized so
don't take my dialogue too serious if
you want to see what happens including
all the messed up part stay tuned for
the breakdown cue to go home
[Music]
the child molester starts out with one
girl marry being like the embodiment of
all children she's carefree and curious
but also pretty naive that's not a bad
quality it's just the quality that has
gotten some people into unfavorable
situations a man walks up to her holding
a bag of candy as soon as Mary get some
genie here just ran out of nowhere this
girl's so fake as soon as she saw candy
she wanted to act like hey what's up
Mary I'm just kidding she's just a kid
Mary's like I guess she has some she's
my friend keep in mind how the man
sounds like [ __ ] Superman here Mary
what are you doing just put it in your
pocket the man leaves the girl is by
saying that there's more candy in the
car whatever but they run into Kathi
here and the man asked Cathy if she
wants some and Cathy says so softly no I
gotta go home yeah cuz getting candy
prevents you from going home I'm kidding
guys
Cathy represents the child who did the
correct thing don't be lured in by
adults you don't know as they enter the
man's car a parent watching our children
notices the situation she lets us know
soon enough that it must be nothing damn
exaggerated ass history on the gas
acting she look like
I don't know Devine the drag queen and
this ladies and gentlemen is a dissolve
and then another song this woman is the
mother of Jeannie she's worried sick
because her daughter isn't home yet and
cause Mary's carefree mom who suggests
that they could be anywhere
are there your house spin are they here
getting a coke Oddie at the library of
course Dean in the library the [ __ ] who
goes to the playground in the library
the kids ass will be going mister
and his you'll see response is a
reminder saying we [ __ ] up then the
narrator shows Cathy going home like
Cathy's been taught this and taught that
you know how he talked back then get off
Cathy sack real talk I think the
narrator kind of a weirdo to listen
that's the kind she wanted for Christmas
if she had it she could join Jeannie and
Mary when they play with their dog what
does that have to do with anything
narrator why is Cassie imagining this go
home already like this ADR could have
matched up better in case she went here
she said she has to tell mommy about
that man
meanwhile in the car Mary scared
shitless now she's like it's my money
and I want it now that's a reference she
said I want to go home
what is Jeannie doing your friend is in
danger look at her Jeannie stop where
are you going you fake-ass snake I'm
kidding guys she's a kid but Jeannie
activated Tomb Raider mode the man
carries Mary with him in the chase for
Jeannie and soon they both get running
meanwhile both sets of parents tell the
police the information they need to know
click Seen but I'm more interested in
seeing where this chase is going the
cops consider witnesses the woman who
witnessed the girls get in the car
didn't even reveal that she saw that
exact scene when she was on the phone
with the parents the other witness is
Kathy who told her mom about the
stranger meanwhile it seems that the
life of Mary and Jeannie comes to an end
and soon she gets caught by that man
Kathy reveals the playground encounter
to the cops and the parents and Mary's
mom's like why my child why not any
other how about no child at all even
weirder is that she reveals her daughter
knows all about sex she knows all about
how babies are made and whatever I've
never discussed such things with my
people I guess they just assumed I
figured it out on my own but Mary's mom
had that conversation early but she
never told her about the sick and
perverted
she's like why my child and not Kathy
Kathy and her mom and dad with the
Vegeta hair line flex their status as
good teachers the film lets you know
that child molesters can be anybody and
just gives arbitrary examples of proper
education regarding molesters even just
general safety tips like look both ways
and even right now license plate numbers
of
Bish's people this whole later half of
the short announcement gives tips on
staying safe a few minutes of
instruction could save you a lifetime of
grief like with Mary and Jeannie's
parents are going through so blurtin egg
scenes because they show real deceased
girls this isn't Mary or Jeannie it's
two girls killed in 1962 both seem to
have extensive head injuries in a
description you can check out a link to
read up on this crime the movie ends
showing footage of police officers
putting a body on the stretcher and also
a shoe floats down a nearby pond so this
was shown to little as kids kids in
elementary school and it wouldn't show
up for very long because of it that's
because kids were unprepared and viewing
the graphic crime-scene photo is
presented at the end of the movie I
remember when I was younger I was
haunted from viewing Jack the Ripper in
Night Stalker crime-scene photos and I'd
still be right now they probably didn't
need to show those photos at the end but
regardless seeing even a dramatization
of children not being able to live any
longer because of sick people is quite
disturbed so now that we got through
this movie let's talk about the most
disturbed moment and most enjoy a moment
and that spooky stuff
[Music]
so y'all know me I don't particularly
care about how good a movie is regarding
acting or cinematography or whatever but
this film didn't mention one aspect of
molesting I guess you would say if you
look at most of the films on this
channel or even most movies on TV and
cases in real life most molesters are
actually people that are quite close to
us people we are supposed to trust the
movie didn't mention anything regarding
that other than being careful around
strangers that's just my two cents the
mostest third moment is the reveal of
the crime scene photos that they all
want to see that for yourself just type
the film title and Google Images I guess
but yes anything to do with real life
has me turning away most enjoy moment
was Vegeta hair line all of you guys
enjoyed this video for some more
dramatic cases similar to this you might
want to check out no child or mine or an
American crime perhaps both movies show
how people we trust can be our own worst
enemies thanks for watching
spooky out